Probably, the biggest failure that I've ever had in my life would be the
time that I applied for the Naval Academy, that's the United States'
main way to produce their admiral oriented officers. So, I applied
there as a 22-year old and I got rejected. I joined the nuclear navy
in order to have a better chance to go to that school and I was
doing really well, I was one of the top students in my class and I was
really fit and in shape and I did everything the right way but when
it came time to apply, I put that I wanted to do a humanities type
job when really the Naval Academy expects you to have a technical
job. So I said, "I think I want to major in economics or something because
they can learn languages" and I didn't think it really mattered
what you applied for. The only thing that matters is that you're
an officer and then they will send you wherever. So, I thought maybe
economics would be, like, a job that I could, like, kind of enjoy,
and you know, I like the type of math that they do and, you know, it's
kind of business oriented but really, they want electronics technicians
and math people and computer science people, you know, more than
economics, so. The XO called me and he's like, "Well, you know,
if you would have done that, then maybe we would have considered that."
So, it feels like, ever since that day, I should, like, I wanted
to go back in time and kind of change what I put on my recommendation
so that I could've actually went to this really high level school
and it didn't work out that way. So, instead I was a nuclear technician
for eight years and I learned lots of things. I'm very happy for
the job that I eventually did instead but if I had to do it again,
then I guess I would have tried to make a better shot for the Naval
Academy.